com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ActivityNutrientsBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ActivityNutrientsBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/Porciones.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.Porciones
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/LabelGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.LabelGraphic
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/DBHelper.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.DBHelper
com/google/firebase/codelab/UI/LoginActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.LoginActivity
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.LoginActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.LoginActivity$2
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.LoginActivity$3
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.LoginActivity$4
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.LoginActivity$5
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/Class/SharedPreference.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.Class.SharedPreference
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ActivityProductListBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ActivityProductListBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/mlkitUABC/NutrientsActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.mlkitUABC.NutrientsActivity
 com.google.firebase.codelab.mlkitUABC.NutrientsActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.mlkitUABC.NutrientsActivity$2
 com.google.firebase.codelab.mlkitUABC.NutrientsActivity$3
 com.google.firebase.codelab.mlkitUABC.NutrientsActivity$4
 com.google.firebase.codelab.mlkitUABC.NutrientsActivity$5
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.GraphicOverlay
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/google/firebase/codelab/parserActivity/labelAnalizer.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.parserActivity.labelAnalizer
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/DataEntryActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.DataEntryActivity
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/MainMenuActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.MainMenuActivity
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.MainMenuActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.MainMenuActivity$2
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.MainMenuActivity$3
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.MainMenuActivity$4
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.BuildConfig
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/labelscanner/TextProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.labelscanner.TextProcessor
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.labelscanner.TextProcessor$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.labelscanner.TextProcessor$2
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ActivityMainMenuBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ActivityMainMenuBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/Class/FoodItem.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.Class.FoodItem
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/TipoPorcion.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.TipoPorcion
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/labelscanner/ImagePicker.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.labelscanner.ImagePicker
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/Class/User.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.Class.User
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/FoodAdapter.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.FoodAdapter
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.FoodAdapter$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.FoodAdapter$2
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.FoodAdapter$ViewHolder
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/CloudTextGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.CloudTextGraphic
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ProgressLayoutBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ProgressLayoutBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/parserActivity/TextElements.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.parserActivity.TextElements
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/ProductListActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.ProductListActivity
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.ProductListActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.ProductListActivity$2
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.ProductListActivity$3
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.ProductListActivity$4
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/ActivityDataEntryBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.ActivityDataEntryBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/UI/RegisterActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.RegisterActivity
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.RegisterActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.RegisterActivity$1$1
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.RegisterActivity$2
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.RegisterActivity$3
 com.google.firebase.codelab.UI.RegisterActivity$4
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/databinding/SpinnerItemBinding.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.databinding.SpinnerItemBinding
com/google/firebase/codelab/labelScannerUABC/TextGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.codelab.labelScannerUABC.TextGraphic
